docs: update export tool doc (#1113)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/nightly/en/user-guide/upgrade.md

Here explains the meaning of some important options

- `--addr`: The server address of the Frontend node or Standalone process.
- `--output-dir`: The directory to put the exported data. Give a path at your current machine. The exported SQL files will be put in that directory.

> - `-target`: The content to be exported. It is recommended not to fill it in and use the default value directly, which will export all schemas by default, that is, the `CREATE-TABLE` statements. At the same time, it will export data files for each table and `COPY FROM` statements used for re-importing data into a new DB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-target`: Specifies the data to export. The `create-table` option exports the `CREATE TABLE` clause for each table. The `database-data` option exports the data of each database along with the `COPY FROM` clause. By default, all data is exported for both `create-table` and `database-data`. It is recommended not to specify this option that use the default value to export all data.
```

Here explains the meaning of some important options

- `--addr`: The server address of the Frontend node or Standalone process.
- `--output-dir`: The directory to put the exported data. Give a path at your current machine. The exported SQL files will be put in that directory.

> - `-target`: Specifies the data to export. The `create-table` option exports the `CREATE TABLE` clause for each table. The `database-data` option exports the data of each database along with the `COPY FROM` clause. By default, all data is exported for both `create-table` and `database-data`. It is recommended not to specify this option that use the default value to export all data.

Author: ```suggestion
- `-target`: Specifies the data to export. The `schema` option exports the `CREATE TABLE` clause for each table. The `data` option exports the data of each database along with the `COPY FROM` clause. By default, all data is exported for both `schema` and `data`. It is recommended not to specify this option that use the default value to export all data.
```
